OK.
So let's get started on the code should be pretty quick.
I'm here in the code pen with the starter code and the first thing I'll just mention is that I've zoomed
in here.
Yours will definitely look smaller because I'm zoomed in to make the font bigger appear but I'll zoom
out at the end to show you what it looks like at a normal scale.
OK.
So first let's talk about what we need to do.
Our plan of attack what we want to do is turn this left side bar of class side bar into a flex container.
So this flex container will then have to device inside of it.
Ignoring that the subsequent children just to direct children to divs inside and essentially we want
to send one up to the top and one down to the bottom.
So what that really means is that we'll need to turn this flexi container into a column flex direction
call them lay out and then we can play around with the spacing.
Once we do that.
So again turn it into a flex container with display flex and then we'll turn it into a column rather
than a row and then we'll spaced these two things appropriately.
Then we'll add some space or padding on the sides to make them look a little nicer.
OK.
So we have our side bar.
Let's just add display flex and see what happens.
All right.
As you can see things end up automatically bunched together.
You can font's a little bit but you can see what's happening.
So what we want to do is instead of have the default for flex direction which is row.
So our main axis is going from left to right this direction you want it to go from top to bottom.
So what we'll do is just change flex direction to column just like that and save.
OK and we're back to where we started.
So that might seem a little pointless but the next move is what will make it worth our time if we visualize
our border around our box.
Let's just do 10 pixels solid pink.
You can see we have all of this space here.
We're not using.
And remember the property that allows us to distribute space across the main axis is justify content.
So we could do justify content.
And if we tried to center it our main axis goes from top to bottom so it centers it vertically which
is not what we want what we want instead is to center it with space between so space dash between will
take that space and distribute it.
So it takes you know our first section puts it up here our second section puts on the bottom in between
is our space.
You could have also tried space around but that's not quite what we want.
We want space between we want this flush against the edge as much as possible.
OK so that gets us roughly what we want we can comment out the border and delete that.
Yeah we have some of the spacing issues.
If I zoom out the only other thing to address as far as flex box is that right now we have a problem
when we make it very small vertically which probably doesn't happen very much.
But part of the spec was that it needed to go over it needed it to wrap it into two columns which it
doesn't right now.
So that's a very simple fix.
All we need to do is do flex wrap colon wrap.
Remember the default is no gap.
But if we change that and now and try and resize it again you'll see there we go.
We get that crap.
He goes over to the other side creates two columns only when necessary.
OK so that's the end of the Flex box portion.
Hopefully that was straightforward enough.
It used all the properties we've learned it until now.
Display flex flex direction justified content in Flex wrap.
Now if we wanted to just make this a little bit nicer You can either go to the individual sections which
we haven't really style debt that section and just apply padding and we could just do 10 pixels.
Technically we don't need it on all sides.
We don't need to on this side or on the bottom really.
Maybe we want it on the bottom here so I'm just going to do padding 10 pixels but you might just want
padding left 10 pixels if you want things flush.
But I like it better as padding 10 pixels and that pretty much wraps it up.
You can play around with this a bit more maybe 20.
I don't like that as much.
I guess the only thing that we could add rather than doing padding just to the section if you think
these are a bit cramped if you look at the solution.
I did have more space there.
I just took this padding 10 pixels and moved it into the individual items.
There we go.
So now we have 10 pixels and 20 between 10 on the side 20 between 10 on the bottom and 10 on the side.
So really not that important to the flex box portion of this section but if you're interested.
That's how I achieved it.
All right.
So moving on from here we have a couple more properties then we'll build another little widget and then
a couple more properties and then we'll build something else.
OK in a.